Conceal link modifier (#101)
nvim-neorg/neorg: docs/NFF-0.1-spec.md

  This is the only modifier that does not fall into any of the 4 categories of modifiers (attached, detached, trailing and delimiting). The `:`
  symbol is marked the **link modifier**. It exists to link different "categories" of text together.
  The rules for the link modifier are a twist on the rules of the attached modifier, meaning a link modifier must form a pair.

>   [//]: # "TODO: discuss limitations of link modifier as defined below."
>   [//]: # "NOTE: this is mostly a temporary marker to allow me to easily place a review comment on Github."
>   An opening link modifier must be prefixed by a non-whitespace character and must be followed by an attached modifier or by whitespace (if at the end of a word).
>   Note that the link modifier is **not** an attached modifier, so chaining them like `::<attached modifier>` will simply result in the first colon
>   being treated as punctuation. A closing link modifier may only be prefixed with an attached modifier. The syntactical equivalent of markdown's `so*me*thing` will look as such: `so:*me*:thing`.

Author: I'll put up a suggestion myself:
```suggestion
  The opening link modifier must be immediately followed by an attached modifier.
  Accordingly, the closing link modifier must be immediately preceded by one.
  Note that the link modifier is **not** an attached modifier, so chaining
  them like `::<attached modifier>` will simply result in the first colon being
  treated as punctuation.
  There are no other constraints on the placement of link modifiers.
  Let's give some quick examples comparing with Markdown:

| Markdown       | norg             |
|----------------|------------------|
| `so*me*thing`  | `so:*me*:thing`  |
| `*im*possible` | `:*im*:possible` |
| `can*not*`     | `can:*not*:`     |

```
And here is a short concealed example of these words:
![screenshot_1631139609](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/21973473/132593432-be27b792-8960-4886-a6e1-c4ac8117c398.png)
